In this article you will find a detailed description of the city where the game takes place, the layout of the various streets, and some of the larger buildings. Hopefully this will help you understand the map better, and create a picture of it in your mind. Besides, map knowledge is power, Especially in this game.

General map overview:
The map is basically a square which you can split up into several regions. In the middle, you have the city itself, which takes up most of the space. To the south of the city there is a industrial area that stretches from west to east, and almost touches both mapborders. 
West is A long strip of woodland covering  almost the compleet western mapborder. The nordern side of the map actually consists of a large manor and a quary. On the east side you will find a concert building and some more houses.
Throughout the map there are several large buildings that could be quite challenging to memorize. Therefore, there is a list included in the articleation  in which you can find most of the buildings, with a description of the place to find them, the layout, corridors, rooms and stairwells.

The city itself:
You can divide the city into 4 quadrants: Northwest, Northeast, Southeast and Southwest. Each quadrant has its own characteristics and structures, which might be usefull when learning them. I'll try to explain the differend quadrants as best and logical as possible.
Note: the southern 2 quadrants contain A canal with bridges, so it is basically split up as well. But for logical purposes, I split the map up into equall blocks.
The northwest quadrant:
The northwest quadrant of the city consists mainly out of blocks of houses. There is also a large church with a cemetery, a supermarket and a school building. A small part of the mall is also located in this area. Centria street runs roughly through the middle, flanked by houses and occasionally some gardens. 
The northeast quadrant:
This section parshly consists of the mall, but you will also find a few larger houses here. However, the building that characterizes this part of the city is the large hospital, which also includes a parking lot and a park. You can read more about the layout of the hospital later in this article.
The south east quadrant:
This part is quite simple, although it covers a few larger buildings. At the north side of the canal, it includes a town hall, a café and a medium-sized house. To the south of the canal is A large office building, the weapon shop and several large family houses.
The southwest quadrant:
Here you will find several different sized houses, as well as A bakery, gassstation, restaurant and a enormous villa (located south of the canal).
Note: Colion rood runs all the way from south to north through out the eastern quadrants.

